I’m here to help. What’s going on?
I broke up with my girlfriend recently
Oh, I'm so sorry to hear that, that can be really tough. Want to talk about it? I’m happy to lend an ear. Was it a mutual decision or a difficult break up?
It was quite difficult since I really did not want to let her go
Breakups are always hard, but especially when it's not your choice. Can I ask what happened? You don’t have to share if it’s too personal, I just want to be there for you if you need to talk.
She said that I was getting boring even though I was always trying my hardest.
That's a terrible thing to hear, especially when you're putting in effort. How long were you two together? And what do you think she meant by "boring"? Was there something specific or just a general feeling?
We were together for 2 years. She said that I'm not as exciting as I used to be, and that I've become a different person.
Two years is a long time. So I understand why it’s so hard for you, especially since you felt like you were being yourself. It can be really difficult when you feel like you’re not being appreciated for who you are. Can I ask if there was anything specific that happened that led to her feeling like you’d changed? Or if it was more gradual over time?
I don't know. I always tried to be there for her, I don't understand why she would think this way.
That's totally understandable. It can be really frustrating when someone you care about doesn't see the effort you put in. And it can be really hard to change their mind when they've already formed a negative opinion. Can I ask how you're feeling now that the relationship is over? Are you feeling angry, sad, or just confused?
I don't know. I'm devestated because she left me, but at the same time I don't feel anything because it just feels surreal
That’s a really tough feeling. It can be like you're numb and in disbelief that things have changed so much. It might be that you’re still in the early stages of shock and it hasn't quite sunk in yet. Is there anyone else you can talk to besides me, like friends or family?
My friends and family both warned me about her. I don't know why I didn't listen. They all say that I had it coming.
That's a really tough position to be in. It's easy to say in hindsight that you should have seen the signs, but it can be hard to be objective when you’re in the middle of a relationship. They mean well, but I know that doesn't make it feel better. Do you think they're right in saying you had it coming, or do you feel like they're being insensitive?
They were right. I don't know how I didn't see the signgs
Don't be too hard on yourself. It's very easy to be blinded by love. When you really care about someone, you can rationalize away the negative things and focus on the good things. It's not a fault of yours, it's human nature. Sometimes it takes an outside perspective to point out the flaws that we can't see when we're in the middle of it. Do you feel like you’ll be able to move on?
I want to move on, but I don't know if I can. She just meant so much to me.
That's a really understandable feeling. It can be really difficult to let go of someone who was such a big part of your life. Sometimes it can feel like you've lost a part of yourself when you lose a relationship. But you will find yourself again, and in time you'll be able to move on. You might not feel like it now, but eventually you'll be able to look back on this and realize it wasn't the right relationship for you. How long has it been since the breakup?
It's been 2 weeks. I've been trying to get over her and forget about her, but I end up constantly being reminded of our time together.
Two weeks is still very recent, so it's totally normal to be struggling. It takes time to adjust and process everything. Every person takes a different amount of time to move on, so don't feel pressured to rush it. It's okay to think about the good times, and to be upset about it. Eventually, you'll be able to think about it with less pain. It'll be a gradual process, but you'll get there. Are you still in contact with her, or have you gone no contact?
She said that she wanted to remain close friends, but we haven't talked since the breakup.
It's great that she wanted to remain friends, but it can be really difficult to be friends immediately after a breakup. Sometimes it's better to have some time and space to process everything before you can be friends again. Do you think you'll be able to be friends with her without having unresolved feelings?
I feel like there will still be some feelings that linger no matter what. What do you think I should do?
I think it's okay to take some time apart for now and focus on healing yourself. If she's a true friend, she'll understand that you need some space. Once you feel like you're in a better place emotionally, then you can try being friends again. But there's no rush, and it's okay to focus on yourself right now. How are you taking care of yourself since the breakup? Are you eating well, getting enough sleep, and doing things you enjoy?
I tried to live like normal, but I find myself eating less and losing sleep.
It sounds like you're struggling with some depression. Losing your appetite and sleep are common symptoms. It's really important to take care of your physical health, especially when you're going through an emotional struggle. Can I suggest you try to eat small meals throughout the day, even if you're not feeling hungry? And try to get some exercise and sunlight to help with your energy and mood. Are you finding any joy in any of your hobbies or interests?
Some hobbies still make me happy, but there are some that bring back the memories of her.
It's okay to take a break from the hobbies that remind you of her. There's no need to put pressure on yourself to force yourself to do something that's making you sad. Maybe you can try to pick up a new hobby that will be just yours, something that you can associate with your healing and growth.